Location: talk_bg_alley.png
L: Hawk
R: Peacock
Hawk: *Pacing about* Those dinosaur bones are so close, I can smell the bananas!
Peacock: In my limited work esperience, dinosaur bones don’t smell anything like bananas?
Hawk: It’s the $100 reward! That’s $20 for the four of us!
Hawk: *vibrating* I can’t even count how many bananas I could buy. 
Peacock: It would be $25 per person. But Mr. Pheasant isn’t counting me in the reward, so you have about $33. 
Hawk: Nice, more bananas for me! Do you get a pay raise instead?
Peacock: I don’t...get paid. 
Hawk: Is work so fun you don’t want to get paid?
Peacock: The opportunity to be part of the museum is my reward. I get experience, and it looks good on my resume. Mr. Pheasant says he’ll even write me a reference letter if I keep quiet. 
Peacock: Besides, all I do is odd jobs, like organizing files or cleaning toilets. Anyone could take over my job, so I shouldn’t stir the pot.  
Hawk: Are you a mouse or a peacock? Ask for money! Ask to do cooler things! You’re too smart to be their benchwarmer.
Peacock: I’m good at school, but it clearly didn’t mean anything to my coworkers.
Hawk: Bro, school is tough. And you’ve been working so hard to get the bones back. If Mr. Pheasant still doesn’t reward you, I’m going to lecture him for the whole night!  
Peacock: ...You’re right. This whole fossil chase is obviously way above what I’m supposed to do. I’m going to ask for compensation, and if that gets me fired...I don’t even care honestly. 
Hawk: Don’t worry bro, if you get fired, I’ll give you a fair share of bananas. 
Peacock: I’d rather have money please.
L: Hawk Peacock
R: Goose
Goose: What the-shoo! If you keep snooping I’ll start shooting. 
Hawk: Dude, we’re just talking about bananas here. 
Goose: Like I’d fall for that. You’ve poked your beak in our nest too many times.
Hawk: Sorry dude, never seen you before. 
Peacock: He joined Bluejay to protect Magpie. That means he doesn’t want us to get the fossils. 
Hawk: Really? He looks totally different from that other goose! 
Goose: *Sweats * Yes! No dinosaur bones here.
Peacock:  No other goose has a hat like yours. 
Hawk: If you say that’s the goose, he’s the goose! We're getting the bones back!
Goose: Don’t get cocky, kids. You got it easy around Bluejay, but I’m not showing any mercy now!