Location: Detention.png
N: It was a wonderful sunny day for our illustrious hero, Red Hawk, who would be spending the afternoon playing sports if not confined in detention.
L: Hawk(walks)
Hawk: Ugh! How am I going to make tryouts tomorrow with all this sitting? If only I hadn’t talked to those pigeons for so long. Or at all. 
N: Hawk and the aforementioned pigeons were in detention after a candy bust gone wrong.
R: Ground_Dove(slides) Rock_Pigeon(slides)
Rock_Pigeon: Hey buddy, the deal’s still open.
Ground_Dove: A little sniff o’ Quick and you’ll outfly a jet.
Hawk: (Go away!)
Hawk: (But Quick might help me beat try-outs tomorrow…) Sorry dudes, give me more time to think.
Rock_Pigeon: That ain’t gonna fly, friend.
Ground_Dove: Your stutterin’ and flutterin’ cost us hours of hustle. Ya know how much we rake in three hours of hustle?
Rock_Pigeon: $200. Pay now, pal, and we’ll let it slide to $150.
Hawk: I don’t have that money! How much Quick can that even buy?
Rock_Pigeon: Quick’s not included in the deal, buddy.
Ground_Dove: But if you pay $200, we’ll throw in a little Quick for ya.
Hawk: (They’re blocking the exit! What’s Teach doing?)
Secretary Bird: zzzz
Hawk: (Must…say…no…)
Finch: Hey losers, can you shut up? I can’t hear my beauty routine over your squawking.
L: Hawk Finch(rises)
N: Yellow Goldfinch, our second hero, got detention after practicing her saxophone during yesterday’s detention.
Rock_Pigeon: Sorry buddy, but we’re just doin’ business.
Ground_Dove: Unless, ya’d like a little Quick yourself?
Finch: Leave her alone, she doesn’t want your Quick.
Finch: Hey Hawk, let’s fight-off these eggheads together.
Hawk: Thanks, bro!
Finch: Do. Not. Call me ‘bro’ again.
Hawk: Sorry.
Hawk: Hey, guy reading in the corner! Want to also help me say no to candy?
Swan:…
L: Hawk Finch Swan(fades)
N: Our third hero, Black Swan, was in detention after calling the principal a fart.
Swan: Nah.
L: Hawk Finch !Swan(fades)
Hawk: I guess two-on-two’s only fair.
Finch: Hold on, one of my tail-feathers got messed up. Join you in a bit.
Rock_Pigeon: Get ready for real good pluckin’, friend.
Hawk: Wait! Don’t start the fight yet!