Location: talk_bg_bar_ext.png
L: Swan
R: Duck
Duck: Black! Welcome home! It’s so good to see you again!
Duck: ...who’s this.
L: Swan Peacock
Swan: ‘He’s Peacock, my boyfriend.’ 
Duck: A boy? A boyfriend?! This is the best news I’ve ever heard! I’m ecstatic! Elated! Overjoyed! 
Duck: ...For you.
Peacock: (Does Duck...no, I’m just reading too much into nothing again. )
Swan: Wow. If I’d known you’d be so supportive, I would’ve started dating ages ago. 
Duck: Gah! I’m happy about...other things! Not him! He still needs to win my approval.  Peacock, how do you feel about him?
Peacock: I...uh…
Swan: Just say something like ‘I really like him’ and make up some compliments. You can do it. 
Peacock: ‘I...adore him.’
Peacock: ‘ Swan is clever, compassionate, and bold. When we are together, I am lost to his needlepoint wit and graceful shine. Nothing is treasure greater than to wander this labyrinth, and nothing more bittersweet than to escape when we part ways, for my heart is always left behind with him.’ 
Peacock: ‘Is it love? No. Love as a word is tawdry and stale, regurgitated by those who think the pleasantness of looking at a mountain compares to the glory from standing above.’
Peacock:’ But the short time we’ve shared is more than precious to me.  He makes me a braver, better person, and I consider myself to be the luckiest bird alive to be by his side. And should he choose to stay with someone like me, for all my faults and failings, I...I would be honored to return his love!’
Duck: ...
Swan: …
Swan: What he said.
Peacock: He didn’t ask you. Anyways, Duck seemed like a tough customer, so I improvised. Did I under-do it?
Swan: ……....No that was fine.
Duck: ...*Vibrating so angrily his sprite may exit screen* 
Duck: You’re good...you’re really good...
Duck: But, strong feelings...fancy words…
Duck: That’s just not enough! True feelings must be weather against the test of time! It’s the intimacy gained from shared experience and knowledge that really matters. Tell me Black’s favorite color!
Peacock: Uh, black?
Duck: Grrrrrr, the fight’s not over yet! What’s his favorite dessert? Jazz artist? Pair of socks?
Peacock: *sweats* Umm...umm...
Swan: Don’t be ridiculous. I have no favorite pair of socks.
Duck: Yes you do, and they’re black! There are much better men for you, closer than you think! Peacock, prepare to duel!
